Hello Mr. Cheng
I'm the chairperson of Quanta Proof.
Jian General Manager Gao Guangda
Mr. Gao, even if my uncle's company goes bankrupt
My father is also the chairperson of Liu's Group
Please help me.
I don't know the chairperson of the Liu Group at all
Say goodbye to what you are
You are not welcome here
Get out of here
Liu Shang
I told you so.
Who is this bitch with?
You're lucky today.
Just 2 million
I can afford to lose
You wait for me.
I will continue to suffer
It will be back one day, let's go
Mr. Cheng, this is our black gold card.
Specially prepared for customers above 10 million levels
I have sent all your money
It's all in this card
With it, you can
Anywhere in the country with our group
Enjoy VIP service
Okay, manager, um
I want to open a domestic stock account.
There are no stock accounts and futures accounts.
Certainly!
Leave this matter to the former future
It's ok.
I will settle all these accounts within three days.
Yes manager
Signed me a lot
So I want to give him 10% of the proceeds
Is that okay? Of course.
No problem, I signed for a big customer like you.
So
We decided to promote him to Jiangdu Branch Call
and
Personal assistant who is fully responsible for personal business
Great, thank you, old classmate
Ask me first
To repay you
What!
Zhang Hao
Excuse me?
My mom is seriously ill
I have to go to the hospital right now.
Hey, I'll drive you away